the whole point of VR is to transport
you to other universes but that's pretty
hard to do when getting sucked back into
this one is as easy
as that's the problem virtuix has been
trying to solve since they first invited
me to their Seattle hotel room to show
me their
prototype 11 years ago like before Luke
was called Luke now the road's been a
little bumpy after a successful
Kickstarter campaign that finally
delivered the original Omni to their
backers years behind schedule virtuix
immediately abandoned their efforts to
build a consumer-friendly version and
pivoted to working with commercial
operators like dve and Busters instead
but now they are back with a revamped
version for end users dubbed the Omni
one it's again a few years behind
schedule
but they made it and as someone who has
made his fair share of years late
products I gotta say I'm proud of him
for getting it across the Finish Line
the only question is in a world where
not even Apple can get people excited
about VR does anyone still
care I know what they do care about our
sponsor War Thunder War Thunder is a
free-to-play detail packed vehicle
combat game with 2,000 highly detailed
aircraft helicopters tanks warships and
more jump in for free at the link in in
the description to snag a special bonus
pack and get 20% off at checkout with
code
[Music]
lt20 I got to say after my first go
through it is way better than the last
time I tried this now obviously this is
not a perfect solution by any stretch of
the imagination
but compared to every solution that I've
seen before you know using your joystick
to point you or being in a very confined
space or investing in an entire room
with motion tracking paint lines all
over it and the game is designed to make
sure that you don't accidentally run
yourself into a
wall if you want mobility in
VR and you don't mind paying in sweat I
was in there for 8 minutes and more
importantly I want to go back in in but
first let's take a step back the Omni
one comes in two very heavy boxes but
aside from the weight it is surprisingly
easy and intuitive to set up and take
apart which shows their experience as a
B2B Solutions provider slide some things
till they click and you've got this a
bowl which we'll look at more closely in
a moment and a kind of weird arm the
harness thing the arm is height
adjustable from 4 4' 4 in to 6'4 in and
the bull can handle up to 250 lb which
yes
includes jumping on it overall the thing
feels shockingly quality for something
that was at a science fair project grade
the last time that I saw it the arm
articulates in three places and rotates
around the base locking and unlocking
with this button right here there's a
knob up here that controls tension and
for a beginner of my weight they
recommend setting the tension to three
this affects how much it supports you
versus how much it gives you free
movement as for how it holds you up the
Omni One uses more of a backpack like
system with a waist strap chest strap
and two shoulder straps that provide a
shockingly robust and safe feeling level
of support it can also be pulled apart
and even have the stuffing removed for
cleaning which uh it'll need the base
has wheels for rolling it around and the
step conceals a little storage
compartment for any accessories you
might need like I don't know what is
this a scrubby pad for the dish they
recommend cleaning this every single
time before you use it not with the
scrubby Pad but with a microfiber cloth
that they included they also have a
monthly maintenance requirement where
you take a little bit of oil or
something that they've included and you
wipe it down with that scrubby pad
enough jibber jabber though I want to
play whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa you need
your shoe covers first oh right and
while you figure those out let's talk
talk about the headset because it's not
BYO the Pico 4E is the Enterprise
version of the Pico 4 from bite dance
yes that bite dance it's not the newest
version of this headset that would go to
the four Ultra so this is more of a
Quest 2 competitor which is to say it's
still a great headset it comes with a
Snapdragon xr2 s so 8 GB of RAM with 256
GB of storage each ey gets a crisp 2160
X 2160 resolution resulting in a 105°
field of view that refreshes it up to 90
HZ and looks great on the pancake lenses
the headset also features a full color
16 megap pass through camera as well as
ey and face tracking cameras something
you won't find in the non-enterprise
version it comes with two controllers
that can be summarized as copying meta's
homework and it comes in at 899 bucks
which is pretty expensive compared to
the 400ish pico4 we say 400ish because
you can't get the pico4 direct in North
America because of Tik Tok versus USA
type problems so why did the company go
with the Enterprise version well because
they can put their own custom OS on this
one and that might be related as well to
those Tik Tok problems that we talked
about earlier but here's a quick summary
of what that means for you it means that
everything works very smoothly with the
treadmill but the OS and more
importantly the games Library are
limited so it's going to come down to
how good that game library is well I've
got my shoes figured out I settled on
the medium size and it's pretty
intuitive it just straps on a little
something like that straps over the top
a little something like that and this is
cool they actually got this little
flippy thing on the bottom so you can
have your grip and also your slip oh and
at the top there's these little clips
for the foot
trackers
ah appropriately the tutorial is called
First Steps okay he's unlocked
boys let's go
buddy hey look there's another one this
is exactly the kind of home that I would
imagine somebody having the space for
one of these to
have I am not walking let's just reboot
it because uh there's some wonkiness
sometimes with their software okay dude
I'm sweating we have a tail yeah and and
another shirt LTT store.com okay now
it's
working let's
go woo okay and if you try running you
will go faster
no this way here we go let's go can I
just play a game now is this Co-op yeah
so a lot of the games that come with the
Omni are what virtuix would put in their
Omni Arena their like arcade game stuff
so this would be like oh you'd have four
of your friends and you'd go to the
arcade and you'd all play this game
together sick you can play online though
the um install base isn't very big right
now I cannot not make the leaderboard
here there's four players on the
leaderboard one of which is virtuix Dev
cam one all right let's go
boys see you would think when you step
you know that you move that direction
but the direction is actually determined
by the arm o
hello all right let's go whoa hi there
whoa hey oh hey h boom boom get out of
here
get out of here get go on go on get you
got to escape the toxic area get out of
the toxic get out of the toxic area dang
it okay safe Zone here we go here we go
I am freaking sweating
brother whoa okay oh you okay oh yeah
it's a flawed solution to a problem with
no perfect solution you know what I
mean like I fell off at once already
which is not the best endorsement what's
my where the heck is the rest of my oh
my God jeez he throw stuff at you this
is ridiculous but I think oh
boy come on come on come on bring it on
Juggernaut whoa come on go back the
responsiveness definitely leaves a
little bit to be
desired extraction Zone
I survived I noticed this is not the
world's best headset I actually got a
little bit of nausea just walking around
using p through in it before but as soon
as I got into that zombie experience
before I forgot about the nausea all
right what am I trying now hyper blast
you're playing hyper blast hyper blast
Gauntlet of Champions you need to set a
time cuz we're going to have staff
members try and beat it woo he's going
bronze what do you mean bronze
B this is freaking hard checkpoint here
we go silver oh
God okay oh man oh my
God 9,300 points new high score let's go
you're 31st in the world you're
only you're only 21 behind
circumference okay one more try one more
try here we go I got this off to a good
start come on get over here boy no I'm
fine looking pretty good going for gold
come
on where you at checkpoint boom silver
God 13,000 points yo is that enough to
beat circumference oh dang it he's
beating you by a thousand if there's one
thing you can expect from lus it's
getting too into a game too competitive
I'm tempted to do another run but when I
say run I mean it kind of literally this
thing's freaking tiring yeah let's talk
about that it's more difficult to walk
on the Omni for three reasons since
you're always placing your foot up on
the lip you're always walking uphill and
in real life when you're walking around
you're basically just falling forward
and catching yourself and you use that
momentum from one step to the next you
don't have any momentum on this thing
cuz you're not actually moving and the
other part is that there's friction
there's a lot less effort required to
move your foot through the air compared
to dragging it on a Surface even if they
do come with those slippy shoes so you
end up getting really tired just doing
the basic activity oh before you take it
off I just want to try something this
base is only 150 lb yeah can you like
Yeet hard enough that it's going to tip
like how stable is it like just try like
jumping off in a
direction I'd say you'd have to have a
pretty strong intent yeah you
accidentally remove yourself from this
thing you know like yeah good to know I
just want to check that because we're
going to get a bunch of different staff
to try it out oh cool yeah reys uh he's
a tall boy and I wanted to see what do
you mean I think you were like 90th
percentile in height how tall are you
Maria Why 55 CM do the math yeah Ed yeah
I'm a little nervous I am 70 lbs over
what this should hold yeah this Tech is
rated to support 250 lbs Alex's own
which means I am 320 lb well um for
those math fans out there technically
it's out of spec but uh you're over
speced for this machine is the issue how
much experience do you have with VR I
own a quest 3 you own a quest do you use
it a lot or fair amount okay cool what
what kind of games do you
play fun games I own a br at home meta
Quest um I had the CV one oh wow and
then it ended there oh my God okay this
feels so
normal oh my God oh my
God oh my God this is so
difficult that didn't feel good at all I
feel a lot of pressure like from the
thing like that pulls me backwards
you're going to try and run through a
level as fast as you can we're going to
do the first level
you're doing great I feel like
it honestly the Tiny Steps seem to be
making you faster than the bigger
steps go go go okay you're doing
great yeah they're pulling towards the
side it's so difficult oh my God 8,400
points is that good no 13,000 yeah I
forget that yeah you did it oh my God no
you did not get the best score of course
sorry you could try again if you want I
feel if I go again I will throw up
reality is so much better there go yeah
okay how did somebody get so many points
so what are your impressions how did
that feel my feet
hurt I don't know why the experience was
very difficult for me because of the
pulling yeah I'm tired
those Tiny Steps are you know like I'm
I'm already I'm obviously out of shape
but this is really awkward it looks very
and also it feels like I'm going to fall
forward it didn't seem like it was
struggling at all with me with some of
like your size so like that's great to
see do you want to know how much it
costs I want to know yes
$2,600 us you get the base and you get a
VR headset plus the controllers that's a
lot but compared to a treadmill I feel
or like a pelet that's it's like
comparable yeah yeah as an exercise
machine it's actually kind of sick yeah
like I would buy this over at treadmill
would I buy it no but you probably
wouldn't buy one no would I spend the
money on it probably not thanks for
coming out and trying it yeah this is
actually kind of fun now that a few
staff have tried it we kind of see that
even though they technically support
short people all the way down to 44
Maria had like a lot of issues with
being dragged back by the arm even in
the lightest support setting and that
means that if you're close to the
margins of who this supports then maybe
this isn't exactly for you which is
honestly a good question in its own
right who is this for hardcore VR
enthusiasts sure but I doubt that many
would want to pay for the bundled
headset and again you can't bring your
own while I understand that the company
is interested in making this easy to use
I bet your VR enthusiasts wouldn't mind
tinkering and the company plans on
offering steamvr support but at this
point it's unclear how well that will
work work and how much support we'll see
from Developers for this device
specifically and even then the headset
you do get is held back by the custom OS
making the upside of the VR headset
included comment a little bit less
compelling I think the strongest
argument for this is as a fitness
machine there are lots of people who
will spend thousands on equipment that
they'll use maybe a handful of hours a
week and if your biggest obstacle to
improving your health at home is a lack
of fun well this this could be a great
solution did your Normie treadmill come
with the VR headset I didn't think so it
probably didn't even come with a segue
to our sponsor War Thunder ever dreamt
of being a pilot behind the controls of
all kinds of war machines well now you
can from Sea to Sky War Thunder lets you
take the wheel of over 2,000 realistic
tanks planes and warships it's a
free-to-play PVP game that is all about
epic vehicle combat and immersive
battles every machine is modeled after
real world counterparts so you'll really
feel the action as you go head-to-head
with other players one of the standout
features is the D damage x-ray view when
you take out an enemy vehicle you can
see exactly how you did it and what led
to your Victory and don't worry if
you're new to the game there are modes
for everyone from casual players to
hardcore soldiers so don't wait join 70
million players worldwide and start
playing for free on PC Mac Playstation
or Xbox with crossplay click the link in
the description to grab a special bonus
pack and get started thanks for watching
if you guys like this video why not
check out our original video from 11
years ago to see how it's progressed